The Hacker Manifesto
Another was caught today, it's everywhere in the newspapers. "Scandal: A teenager arrested for computer crime,
"Arrest of a 'hacker' after hacking a bank" ...
Satanes kids, all the same.
But do you have in your psychology in three piece and your profile
technocratic 1950, one day think to look at the world behind the eyes of a hacker?
Have you ever wondered what had made it act, what forces had modeled it?
I am a hacker, enter my world ...
Mine is a world that starts with school ... I'm more astute than most other kids, the bullshit they teach me tired ...
I am in college or high school. I listened to the teachers explain for the fifteenth time how to reduce a fraction.
I understood it. "No Mrs Dubois, I can not show my work, I did it in my head"
Satane kids. He certainly copies it. All The same.
I made a discovery today. I found a computer.
Wait a minute, it's cool. It does what I want. If that's a mistake, it's because I crashed.
Not because he does not love me ...
Neither because he feels threatened by me ...
Neither because he thinks I'm a little boy ...
Neither because he does not like teaching and he should not be the ...
Satanes kids. All he does is play. All The same.
And then it happens ... a door opened on the world ...

Rushing across the telephone line like heroin in the veins of a hooker, an electronic impulse is sent,
We are looking for a refuge to daily incompetence ... a server is found.
You repeat that we are all the same ...
We were fed a teaspoon of baby food at school when we were hungry for a steak ...
The pieces of meat that we were left with were pre-machined and tasteless.
We have been dominated by sadists or ignored by apathetic.
The only ones who had things to teach us were volunteers, but these are like drops in the dessert.
It's our world now ... The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We use an already existing service, without paying what could be cheap if it were not the property of profiteers, and you call us criminals.
We explore ... and you call us criminals.
We seek knowledge ... and you call us criminals.
We exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious dogma ... and you call us criminals.
You build atomic bombs, you finance wars,
You do not punish mafia bosses to rich lawyers,
You murder and cheat, you manipulate and lie while trying to make us believe that it is for our own well-being, and we are still criminals.
Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity.
My crime is to judge people by what they think and say, not according to their appearance.
My crime is to surpass you, something you will never forgive me.
I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto.
You can stop this individual, but you can not stop us all ...
After all, we are all the same.
